# ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper
This is a project for University of Washington ENGL 282 Advanced Multimodal Composition in Spring 2017.

## Writer's Memo
Since the prototype is done in A4 I have be receiving feedback from Jacki, fellow classmates, and my Taiwanese international friends. The project has been drastically improved, thanks to the great feedback from them. When I first started with the layout of the page, it was a combination of [darker yellow and grey](https://github.com/s92025592025/ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper/commit/94f87b035250d035806e22388a7e54f3372fb794). However, from one of the feedback I realized that making the theme brighter would make the page looked more energetic and closer to my target audience, which is the age group of college students. Therefore I made the yellow that takes up most of the page [brighter](https://github.com/s92025592025/ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper/commit/c776e86b486ae8e887a4f8fc740ad2b6833ec3c7), and then change the grey to a [lighter green](https://github.com/s92025592025/ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper/commit/c776e86b486ae8e887a4f8fc740ad2b6833ec3c7). In addition to the theme, I was struggling with the spatial layout for the explanation page, which I was originally only arranging different parts of explanation in a [linear, from up to down](https://github.com/s92025592025/ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper/commit/90acd19f5d6ee4f092a4807c12a7d9a73df32739), in the entire page. I have tried to search for conventions among online dictionaries, but none of them have similar concept. Yet Jacki suggested me to [utilize the space on the right of the screen](https://github.com/s92025592025/ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper/commit/34abf0d57729f940afe6617d2023d76bcd5ed1e5), which makes the misunderstood part supports the example and explanation perfectly. Another important part from the feedback is about the explanation. I first start off telling the reader the explanation, than do the explanation. However from the feedback I got it seemed like having [situated examples before the explanation](https://github.com/s92025592025/ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper/commit/e58a390f5fd5eb1039abd37b10d0f297dbd152eb) could lead to a better understanding for the user. The other feedback regarding explanation is that some of them think my explanation is way too detailed than it actually needed, since this is a website meant to be read casually rather than a academia style. The last part in emphasized within this improvement period is to develop a nice [mobile view](https://github.com/s92025592025/ENGL282A-Cultural-Helper/commit/47b4ba66b8026f87cd1ee0783de44a174bcd85f6), considering accessibility. We have talked in class that in order to achieve accessibility, it would be best to make the piece of text available to the most amount of people. I realized that now mobile devices like phones and tables are the major way of accessing webpages for current college students, therefore I have to have a mobile view the accommodate for them.